# IoT With Raspberry Pi & Arduino

Introduction to Iot With Raspberry Pi & Arduino
Defining of words is not that easy but when words itself describe the importance then we need to get it how vital meaning they have. Internet of Thing comes to reality when humans just speak and network performs with the help technicality across the world. Concepts like smart-cities, running data and home automation defines the IOT. Raspberry is the heart of IOT to perform the scenario.
For a change, with emerging technologies come forward to perform with us.

## How to Enroll

### Step 1 <br>
Register online for any desired course, duration & location of your training course & obtain a Registration-ID. Registration-ID is a Unique Registration Number which is generated by our system after successful registration for training A student can have multiple IDs for multiple courses & batches. It is displayed while successful registration and it is also mailed to you immediately after registration by our server. if you don’t find it in your mail then, please check your SPAM folder or junk folder of your mail ID.
<br>
### Step 2<br>
Make Payment
<br>
### Step 3
Update us regarding your fee payment by sending picture/scan copy of bank receipt to: info@cyberteam.co.in and you will receive a confirmation mail on your mail id.

## Certification

All participants will get Certificate from TechieNest Pvt. Ltd. in association with Aavriti’18 IIT Bombay <br>
### Why AllinoneCyberteam ? <br>

    Vast experience of having conducted Big Outreach Workshop collaborating with over 300+ colleges in all over India including IIT Bombay, IIT Hyderabad, IIT Bhubaneswar, IIT Jodhpur, IIT Mandi, NIT Raipur, MNIT Jaipur, MANIT Bhopal, NIT Jalandhar, NIT Patna, NIT Srinagar, IIIT Kalyani, BITS Pilani and likewise.
    Trained more than 20,000 students in the field of EMBEDDED SYSTEMS & ROBOTICS, MATLAB & Machine Vision, Internet of Things, PLC_SCADA, PYTHON, C/C++, Andriod, VLSI & VHDL, JAVA and such top notch courses.
    Our trainers are efficient in Raspberry pi, Arduino, PLCs, etc. which forms essential hardware in Electronic Industries nowadays.
    Outreach workshop partner of Sanchaar-Wissenaire’18, IIT Bhubaneswar, 2017-18
    Zonal workshop partner of Techkriti’18 IIT Kanpur, 2017-2018
    Outreach workshop partner of Techfest’15 IIT Bombay & Techfest’16 IIT Bombay
    Zonal workshop partner of Techkriti’17 IIT Kanpur, 2016-2017
    Outreach workshop & Training partner of nVision’17 IIT Hyderabad, 2016-17
    Outreach workshop partner of Ignus’17 IIT Jodhpur, 2016-17
    AIRC’18 (All India Robotics Championship) in association with Techkriti’18 IIT Kanpur.
    AIRC’17 (All India Robotics Championship) in association with nVision’17 IIT Hyderabad, 2016-17
    Offering Project Based Training, Projects on Demand, Corporate Projects, Commercial Projects, and Consultancy in Engineering Projects.
    Dedicated 24×7 R&D lab.
    AllinoneCyberteam has Research Engineers having excellent research aptitude, teaching pedagogy who illustrates their finding through practical demos during workshop/training.
    Manufacturer of Electronic products delivering the same across the country.


## Training Kit 
    Training Kit- will be updated soon

## Centers
  -> New Delhi <br>
  -> Jaipur <br>
  -> Hyderabad <br>
  -> You can Register this training program in your City by filling our workshop registration from here : https://abc.com/register


